Uh at one time before they became famous and dead for a hundred years, they were very much a human being. Lamb two quicks if I could. Did you need to get the uh author's permission to turn around and put the second book out? No. So that that was all copper robin. You had no problem with that and the other question
everything, as I understand it in the book from my checking, is also available on the Internet site?
Every single word of it is it's all on the Internet site, and the full transcript's on the Internet site.
That's remarkable access, and you folks keep doing that with your product.
You keep putting it out there as freely and as unencumbered as you can.
But we publish for a living, and, of course, everybody in this business is trying to find some way to make money off of their Internet sites, and we haven't been able to do that quite yet.
But do you plan to keep C-SPAN as available as it is now?
Well, remember what's at the base of why we exist.
This is a public service created by a private industry, and they give us enough money to do our job and let us do what we do and basically give everything we do away.
It's never been quite understood because even in these high schools, they're used to the public television people coming in saying, you have to pay a lot of money for these programs and you can only use them for a year.
It's been the hardest thing.
I mean, teachers' mouths drop open when we tell them this is all free.
And I think in some ways we should charge because if you do charge in this country, it has bigger value than if you give it away.
I'm astounded how often when I go out and speak, I don't charge money.
And, you know, people treat you that way.
I once attended an Abraham Lincoln impersonator's meeting, and I was speaking to them one night, and there were 57 Abraham Lincoln look-alikes in the room.
And I walked in the back of the room, and they didn't even know I was in the room, and this guy's up at the podium looking like Abraham Lincoln and saying,
Gentlemen, I want to tell you one thing.
When you're out there and you're President of the United States, if you don't charge for being out there, they'll treat you like you're not President of the United States.
And I never go anywhere where I don't charge at least $300 a day.
And I got such a kick out of that because in this society, that's true.
You know, if we said everything on our website has to cost you $1,000, a lot of these high schools around here probably say, man, that's fabulous.
Let's pay that grand.
And now when you give it away, they kind of just take it for granted and don't pay much attention to it.
Do you keep a score of hits?
What I want to see is the picture of you with 57 Abraham Lincolns.
God, that was fun.
I'm telling you, when they asked me to do that, I said immediately, I said, put me down just for the sheer pleasure.
I want to be there and see that.
Brian, one quick question.
You mentioned in your introduction again about C-SPAN's public affairs mission.
Is that the reason why you decided to do all non-fiction and not include some fiction?
Yes.
It's not any more complicated than that.
You know, a lot of people give us gas for not doing fiction.
And my response to that, look, there's a lot of places in this world you can go get your fiction.
We are just a nonfiction network.
And we had to have some way to narrow this down.
Right.
And that's the only reason.
There's no great, you know, most of what we do here is, one thing I can guarantee you, there's never, ever been a marketing study done.
because this makes sense, will this work?
We do it because our gut says that's the thing to try and we can afford to try it.
If it doesn't work, we stop doing it.
And even if it doesn't work as well as somebody in commercial television would have to have it work, we continue to do it because it fills in this public affairs thing that we're into.
Right.
Well, it makes perfect sense.
Well, we're very, very, very, very lucky
not to have to worry about making money, and I'm a you know I'm a capitalist. You know if it wasn't for the cable business, we wouldn't be in business, but just within our little world here it's amazing how different it is when you don't have to deliver eyeballs to advertisers. I'm just glad I've been able to do it this way instead of the other way because you never have to come in every day and take a look at those numbers and then
the next time around do something ridiculous in order to keep the, what I think is ridiculous, to keep the numbers up there.
What about satisfying the cable industry that does fund you?
I mean, you have to do a little bit of pleasing on that side, don't you?
Isn't it almost akin to fundraising?
No, I tell you, you'd be surprised at how detached the industry leaders are from everything we do here.
I mean, they don't really demand much.
So they've made the commitment and it stands.
Yeah, and, you know, I think part of that is we've had some outstanding people that have been on the board, been the chairman, been my boss, in effect, and they really have never asked for anything in return.
Also, I think the industry has done very well.
I mean, these people have been involved in this business and made a ton of money.
I think if it were a tighter time, they might look at us and say, why are we doing that?
But it has never been there.
It just occurred to me that you're really in a similar situation to those who worked in newsrooms in the era
when newspapers made so much money they didn't know how to spend all of it.
I think you're probably right.
We weren't that way in the beginning.
In the beginning, it was like squeezing blood out of a turnip.
We had a hard time getting funding and a hard time getting it increased.
Some of the people who have made billions, the only one that I remember, we only had one negative vote in the last 20 years.
This was a guy who's no longer alive who made several, a couple billion dollars in the business.
He was really
cheap and was the only guy that ever voted against a rate increase.
But I don't have any complaints about the money part of it.
The only complaint I have is that sometimes a few of the leaders haven't been as aggressive as I thought they should have been in getting this thing covered and put on these cable systems.
But I don't have a very big beef with people in the business.
If I have a beef, it's with this
legislation they passed here that the Congress had no idea what it would do, and it did us more harm than anybody else's.
But I don't want to get into that.
You guys have better things to do than that.
Brian, are you having fun?
What was that?
Are you having a lot of fun?
Yeah, I think so.
I've always been a guy that...
Depending on the day, looks at the glass being half full, half empty, it changes from day to day.
But right now has been a pretty good period.
We've kind of settled down.
We haven't had to fight.
The worst thing in the world here is when you're fighting with your own customers and they're dropping us because of something that's going wrong because of the legislation.
But right now things are in pretty good shape.
I don't have anything to complain about.
We wish you well with the book.
Hey, thank you all for being interested.
I want to put a motion on the floor here before we hang up, and that is that next time they're going to add faces to Mount Rushmore, I want to nominate Steven Spielberg and Brian Lamb.
Can I bring that to a vote?
I'll vote for Lamb.
Thanks, everybody.
Thanks, Brian.
Take care.
Bye-bye.